welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called burying the
axe from 2014. spoilers ahead watch out
and take care and i hope you enjoy it
before the video starts let me tell you
one thing this movie is quite
interesting and has an amazing ending so
i will suggest you watch the whole video
so let's get straight into the
explanation
at the beginning of the movie we saw max
and evelyn max works in a horror shop
and he likes the horror stuff very much
and he also wants to open his own shop
in the next scene we saw max's brother
called two girls in his room
max got angry with him and told him he
has no right to do such things in his
house
after some time evelyn came there and
kicked them out of their house after
insulting them but told her maybe she's
overreacted but evelyn told him she did
this for their own good in the next
scene we saw max was in his shop but his
mood was off
max does not like the rules of greeting
the customers in the shop he had to say
to the customers to go to hell instead
of saying bye to them when he was in the
shop a delivery guy brought something to
the shop one of the boxes had a doll
named satan ginny it was written on the
doll that the ginny fulfills someone's
wish in a very bad way but max thought
it was just a joke he called evelyn to
come to his shop and they had sex in the
shop evelyn told him that after her mom
died max is the only one close to her
and she does not want to lose him at all
max also told her that he doesn't want
to lose her they promised each other
that they will always stay together no
matter what but the satan ginny heard it
and their wish was approved in the next
scene we saw evelyn was in max's room
and from now on she will live with him
they went to an ice cream shop when they
entered the shop they saw olivia was
dancing there she's the owner of this
shop and she was also a horror lover
olivia and max started talking to each
other about horror stuff evelyn felt
jealous after seeing this thus she
insulted her after coming out of the
shop evelyn asked him why he was
flirting with olivia and it created a
fight between them but after getting
back home evelyn said sorry to max
she told him she never wants to lose him
the next day when max came back home
from his office he saw evelyn had
painted the whole house green she put
all of max's posters in the drawer but
the posters were expensive max had
imported the posters from another
country and he got angry at her and told
her she should have asked him before
changing the appearance of the house in
the next scene we see max went to
travis's house
travis lives in a tiny room he told him
evelyn always serves him the same food
sometimes he does not even eat they
discussed breaking up with evelyn travis
told him to break up with her over the
phone
but max does not want this
they decided to call her to a public
place and then he will break up with her
there so that she could not react to it
according to their plan max asked evelyn
to come to a dog park
evelyn thought maybe max was about to
gift her a dog and she became very happy
but before she came to the dog park she
got into an accident she was about to
die and she told max we will always stay
together max said yes as evelyn died max
was broken because of evelyn's death he
didn't even come out of his room
actually max was blaming himself for the
death of evelyn one day travis came to
his house and told him to stop blaming
himself for evelyn's death because he
had nothing to do with it he asked him
to move on he also suggested he should
watch a movie that would refresh his
mind in the evening max went to the
theater and there he met olivia olivia
asked him about evelyn and max said he
moved on actually mack was hiding the
news of evelyn's death from olivia they
had ice cream from olivia's ice cream
shop olivia told him about her ex she
also told him that they should do
something exciting in their life
they went to the graveyard and we saw
evelyn was coming out from her grave she
looked like a zombie when max was alone
in his room he heard the bell he opened
the door and saw evelyn was standing
outside the door
at first he didn't believe it but when
evelyn got inside the house he believed
that evelyn was still alive evelyn
wanted to have sex with him but max
didn't want to do it olivia came to his
house and she heard the voice of evelyn
but max told her it was his neighbor's
voice
after olivia left evelyn came to max she
vomited on max's face and max fainted
the next morning evelyn told him she had
changed after she died now she never
gets tired of anything and she does not
get hungry as well in the next scene max
came to his shop and he was looking for
a book
while he was searching for the book the
satan genie fell down and broke
he found the book it was written in the
book that he needs to make a powder
after mixing some things together and if
he puts that powder onto a zombie then
it will die once again
in the evening max made the powder but
evelyn came there and she told him
someday he will have to die then why not
i just kill you right now and turn you
into a zombie like me they can stay
together always
but then max throws the powder on
evelyn's body but nothing happened to
her max told her he was trying a new
recipe they planned to go to a club and
dance together they went to the club and
drank some alcohol evelyn was drinking
strong shots but still nothing happened
to her but after coming out of the club
she vomited olivia was going through the
same road therefore she saw this but max
told her she is just a friend of his and
she was so drunk after coming home
evelyn fainted and travis came there
travis was shocked after seeing evelyn
meanwhile evelyn also woke up and she
started to insult him and travis ran
away from there the next day she made
breakfast for max
while sitting on the breakfast table
once again evelyn told him to be like
her but max told her they should take
some time
evelyn got so angry that she broke the
table she kicked the floor and broke
that too and we realized evelyn has
become powerful after becoming a zombie
but max told her he just wanted a little
time to get prepared when max was in his
shop olivia brought some food for him
while he was eating the food evelyn
called him olivia told him maybe max
still couldn't move on from his ex she
invites him to watch a movie with her in
the evening max went to travis's house
and they discussed how to get rid of
evelyn travis told him to kill her but
max said he can't do this
finally they decided to kill her with a
sword max came back home with a sword
the next morning evelyn was doing yoga
and we noticed her body was very
flexible when she was meditating max
tried to kill her but he could not do it
in the next scene we saw max and travis
met together and max told him he could
not kill her then travis took the job
into his own hands and told him that he
would kill her in the next scene max was
telling evelyn that tonight is halloween
and i have so much work tonight i will
have to stay outside the whole night at
night max and olivia watched a movie in
the graveyard and after watching the
movie they had sex in the graveyard on
the other side travis came to max's
house with the excuse of taking a dvd
from him but evelyn was annoyed after
seeing travis travis was only looking
for a chance to kill her and he was
watching a movie where a man was eating
another man's brain after seeing this
evelyn got hungry as well and she
started to eat travis's brain travis
tried to save his life from her but he
could not the next day when max came to
his house he got scared after seeing
evelyn because she was looking so ugly
and horrifying she told him she has
already eaten dinner max realized evelyn
had killed travis and ate him then he
saw his dead body beside the bed evelyn
told him she wanted to turn him into a
zombie like her but max said no he told
her i don't want to be a horrifying
zombie but first go and take a shower
when evelyn was in the washroom max
locked her door and went outside he
tried to call the police but he forgot
his phone in the house therefore he went
to the police station on the other side
evelyn broke the door and came outside
she found max's phone and she saw all
the messages of olivia when max was in
the police station he heard from the
walkie-talkie that someone had stormed
the ice cream shop of olivia max
realized evelyn did this so he
immediately went there since olivia was
in trouble he ran to his house and saw
that evelyn had tied down olivia to a
chair he told her to let her go but
evelyn got angry at him and told him max
had cheated with her but max told him
they were never made for each other
evelyn realized max was about to break
up with her so she got more angry with
him and told him i will turn you into a
zombie like myself and she attacked max
but somehow max saved himself from her
evelyn was hitting max's head on the
carpet but max told her not to hit his
head on the carpet then evelyn said okay
and we realized evelyn hasn't even
changed a bit even after turning into a
zombie in the next scene someone stabbed
her with the sword from behind therefore
she died and it was none other than
travis travis also became a zombie like
evelyn they covered her with the carpet
and buried her in the last scene of this
movie we saw that max opened a shop
beside olivia's ice cream shop
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen and don't forget to let me
know how you feel about today's video in
the comments down below and at last i
will say stay safe stay well thanks